README.md, before:

# ARCC

## Installing dependencies

In order to run the project, you need to have Node, Meteor, MongoDb and PyPdf installed. 

Install Meteor here: https://www.meteor.com/install
Install Node here: https://nodejs.org/en/download/
Install MongoDb here: https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/installation/
Install PyPDF here: https://pypi.org/project/pyPdf/

ARCC contains 2 applications - the app and the worker, which is a microservice. 
These are the steps to install the packages and run the project:

1) Make sure mongodb is running and create a database `db`
2) `cd` to /app and run `meteor npm install`
3) `cd` to /worker and run `meteor npm install`
IMPORTANT: using `npm install` instead of `meteor npm install` can cause issues with dependencies
4) `cd` to every application and run `npm start`


## Credentials

We have 4 roles in the system: ADMIN, TECH, MANAGER, REP

These are the credentials for each one:

admin  - admin@app.com
manager - manager-x@app.com, where x in {1,2,3}
tech - tech-x@app.com, where x in {1,2,3}
rep - rep-x@app.com, where x in {1,2,3}

The password is 12345 for all accounts.


## Documents

Official documentation - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1d6iB3vKQXrOSnXWmGpik0F31zmIpJrZgyLOEMsKaU_s/edit?ts=5b7c3d6d

Commit message:

My first attempt to get Docker running as a unified local development environment.

README.md, after:

# ARCC

## Installing dependencies

In order to run the project, you need to have Node, Meteor, MongoDb and PyPdf installed. 

Install Meteor here: https://www.meteor.com/install
Install Node here: https://nodejs.org/en/download/
Install MongoDb here: https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/installation/
Install PyPDF here: https://pypi.org/project/pyPdf/

ARCC contains 2 applications - the app and the worker, which is a microservice. 
These are the steps to install the packages and run the project:

1) Make sure mongodb is running and create a database `db`
2) `cd` to /app and run `meteor npm install`
3) `cd` to /worker and run `meteor npm install`
IMPORTANT: using `npm install` instead of `meteor npm install` can cause issues with dependencies
4) `cd` to every application and run `npm start`


## Credentials

We have 4 roles in the system: ADMIN, TECH, MANAGER, REP

These are the credentials for each one:

admin  - admin@app.com
manager - manager-x@app.com, where x in {1,2,3}
tech - tech-x@app.com, where x in {1,2,3}
rep - rep-x@app.com, where x in {1,2,3}

The password is 12345 for all accounts.

## Docker

I (Chris) have added a Dockerfile which should/might work for a unified development enviroment on both windows and linux.

1. Compile the docker image and tag it: `docker build -t meteor-ubuntu ./meteor-ubuntu`
2. Run `docker-compose up`

To access the box: `docker-compose run arcc bash`

... if everything works, I would like to create a command to (1) automatically do `npm install` and right after `npm start`


## Documents

Official documentation - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1d6iB3vKQXrOSnXWmGpik0F31zmIpJrZgyLOEMsKaU_s/edit?ts=5b7c3d6d
